♪♪♪
[DISTORTED RECORD PLAYING]
♪ KARMA IS THAT GIRL LIKE ... ♪
♪ GRAH ♪
♪ YOU’RE TALKING SHIT ♪
♪ FOR THE HELL OF IT ♪
♪ ADDICTED TO BETRAYAL ♪
♪ BUT YOU’RE RELEVANT ♪
♪ YOU’RE TERRIFIED ♪
♪ TO LOOK DOWN ♪
♪♪♪
♪ CAUSE IF YOU DARE ♪
♪ YOU’LL SEE THE GLARE ♪
♪ OF EVERYONE YOU BURNED
JUST TO GET THERE ♪
♪ IT’S COMING BACK ♪
♪ AROUND ♪
♪ AND I KEEP MY SIDE
OF THE STREET CLEAN ♪
♪ YOU WOULDN’T KNOW
WHAT I MEAN ♪
♪ CAUSE KARMA IS MY BOYFRIEND ♪
♪ KARMA IS A GOD ♪
♪ KARMA IS THE BREEZE IN MY HAIR
ON THE WEEKEND ♪
♪ KARMA’S A RELAXING THOUGHT ♪
♪ AREN’T YOU ENVIOUS
THAT FOR YOU IT’S NOT? ♪
♪ SWEET LIKE HONEY ♪
♪ KARMA IS A CAT ♪
♪ PURRING IN MY LAP
‘CAUSE IT LOVES ME ♪
♪ FLEXING LIKE A GODDAMN
ACROBAT ♪
♪ ME AND KARMA VIBE LIKE THAT ♪
♪ KARMA IS YA CHECKS
BOUTTA BOUNCE
(DAMN) ♪
♪ KARMA IS A FIRE IN YA HOUSE
(GRAH) ♪
♪ AND SHE BOUTTA
POP UP UNANNOUNCED
(LIKE) ♪
♪ AND SHE NEVER
LEAVING YOU ALONE
(DAMN) ♪
♪ WATCH HER PUT YA
OPPS ON A THRONE
(DAMN) ♪
♪ GOT YOU WAVING
PRETTY WHITE FLAGS ♪
♪ FEENIN’ FOR THAT CASH ♪
♪ THINKING IT’LL SAVE YA ♪
♪ NOW YOU SWITCHING UP
YA BEHAVIOR ♪
♪ IT’S OKAY, BABY ♪
♪ YOU AIN’T GOTTA WORRY
KARMA NEVER GETS LAZY ♪
♪ SO I KEEP MY HEAD UP
MY BREAD UP, I WON’T LET UP
(NEVER) ♪
♪ PROMISE THAT YOU'LL NEVER
ENDEAVOR WITH NONE LESSER
(EVER, EVER) ♪
♪ I BE DRAGGIN’ THAT WAGON ♪
♪ KARMA IS A BEAUTY
WINNING THAT PAGEANT
(GRAH) ♪
♪ -KARMA IS MY BOYFRIEND
-DAMN ♪
♪ -KARMA IS A GOD
-KARMA IS A GOD ♪
♪ KARMA IS THE BREEZE IN MY HAIR
ON THE WEEKEND ♪
♪ -KARMA’S A RELAXING THOUGHT
-KARMA’S A RELAXING THOUGHT ♪
♪ AREN’T YOU ENVIOUS
THAT FOR YOU IT’S NOT? ♪
♪ SWEET LIKE HONEY ♪
♪ KARMA IS A CAT ♪
♪ PURRING IN MY LAP
‘CAUSE IT LOVES ME ♪
♪ FLEXING LIKE A GODDAMN
ACROBAT ♪
♪ -ME AND KARMA VIBE LIKE THAT
-ME AND KARMA VIBE LIKE THAT
(GRAH) ♪
♪ ASK ME WHAT I LEARNED
FROM ALL THOSE YEARS ♪
♪ ASK ME WHAT I EARNED
FROM ALL THOSE TEARS ♪
♪ ASK ME WHY SO MANY FADE
BUT I’M STILL HERE
(I’M STILL HERE) ♪
♪ CAUSE KARMA IS THE THUNDER ♪
♪ RATTLING YOUR GROUND ♪
♪ KARMA’S ON YOUR SCENT
LIKE A BOUNTY HUNTER ♪
♪ AND KARMA’S
GONNA TRACK YOU DOWN ♪
♪ STEP BY STEP
FROM TOWN TO TOWN ♪
♪ SWEET LIKE JUSTICE ♪
♪ KARMA IS A QUEEN ♪
♪ KARMA TAKES ALL MY FRIENDS
TO THE SUMMIT
(FACTS) ♪
♪ KARMA IS THE GUY ON THE SCREEN
COMING STRAIGHT HOME TO ME ♪
♪ -KARMA IS MY BOYFRIEND
-KARMA IS MY BOYFRIEND ♪
♪ KARMA IS A GOD ♪
♪ KARMA IS THE BREEZE IN MY HAIR
ON THE WEEKEND
(WEEKEND) ♪
♪ KARMA’S A RELAXING THOUGHT ♪
♪ AREN’T YOU ENVIOUS
THAT FOR YOU IT’S NOT? ♪
♪ SWEET LIKE HONEY ♪
♪ KARMA IS A CAT ♪
♪ PURRING IN MY LAP
‘CAUSE IT LOVES ME ♪
♪-FLEXING LIKE A GODDAMN ACROBAT
-FLEXING LIKE A GODDAMN ACROBAT♪
♪ ME AND KARMA VIBE LIKE THAT ♪
♪♪♪
♪ KARMA IS MY BOYFRIEND ♪
♪ KARMA IS A GOD ♪
♪ KARMA IS MY BESTIE ♪
♪♪♪
♪ KARMA’S A RELAXING THOUGHT ♪
♪ KARMA’S GONNA HOLD YOU DOWN ♪
♪♪♪